__TRAITS__
Calm
Melancholy
Candid
Daring
Confident
Charming 
Cavalier
Suspicious 
Shrewd
Moody
Careless
Ruthless
Defiant
Insightful 
Patient
Sophisticated 
Enthusiastic 
Savage
Arrogant 
Vain
Volatile 
Subtle
Enigmatic
Cold
Brash
Obsessive
Quiet
Fierce
Secretive
Calculating
Gracious
Dishonest
Vicious
Paranoid
Elitist
Cooperative

__INTERESTS__
Fine food, restaurants
Fine arts, opera, theater
History, legends
Poetry, novels, writing
Forgotten gods
Path of Echoes
Antiques, artifacts, curios
Gadgets, new technology
Music, instruments, dance
Cooking, gardening
Natural philosophy
Lovers, romance, trysts
Exploration, adventure
Craft (leatherwork, etc.)
Politics, journalism
Spectrology, electroplasm
Essences, alchemy
Pre-cataclysm legends

__QUIRKS__
Devoted to their family.
Holds their position to spy for another faction.
Massive debts (to banks / criminals / family)
Once hollowed, then restored. Immune to spirits.
Secretly (openly?) controlled by possessing spirit.
Proud of heritage, traditions, native language.
Drug / alcohol abuser. Often impaired by their vice.
Relies on council to make decisions.
Leads a double life using cover identity.
In prison or under noble’s house arrest.
Revolutionary. Plots against the Imperium.
Celebrity. Popularized in print / song / theater.
Surrounded by sycophants, supplicants, toadies.
Bigoted against culture / belief / social class.
Cursed, haunted, harassed by spirits or demon.
Extensive education on every scholarly subject.
Is blindly faithful to an ideal, group, or tradition.
A fraud. Some important aspect is fabricated.


INTERESTS
Fine whiskey, wine, beer Fine clothes, jewelry, furs Painting, drawing, sculpture Architecture, furnishings Pit-fighting, duels Chruch of Ecstasy Weeping Lady, charity Horses, riding
Weapons collector Hunting, shooting Gambling, cards, dice Drugs, essences, tobacco Parties, social events Pets (birds, dogs, cats) Ships, boating
Arcane books, rituals Alchemy, medicine Demon lore, legends

QUIRKS
Superstitious. Believes in signs, magic numbers.
Married into important / powerful family.
Reclusive. Prefers to interact via messengers.
Blind to flaws in friends, allies, family, etc.
Has chronic illness that requires frequent care.
Serves a demon’s agenda (knowingly or not).
Concerned with appearances, gossip, peers.
Holds their position due to blackmail.
Involved with war crimes from the Unity War.
Black sheep / outcast from family or organization.
Well-traveled. Connections outside Doskvol.
Inherited their position. May not deserve / want it.
Scandalous reputation (deserved or not).
Spotless reputation. Highly regarded.
Visionary. Holds radical views for future.
Intense, unreasonable phobia or loathing.
Keeps detailed journals, notes, records, ledgers.
Deeply traditional. Opposed to new ideas.

names
Adric, Aldo, Amosen, Andrel, Arden, Arlyn, Arquo, Arvus, Ashlyn, Branon, Brace, Brance, Brena, Bricks, Candra, Carissa, Carro, Casslyn, Cavelle, Clave, Corille, Cross, Crowl, Cyrene, Daphnia, Drav, Edlun, Emeline, Grine, Helles, Hix, Holtz, Kamelin, Kelyr, Kobb, Kristov, Laudius, Lauria, Lenia, Lizete, Lorette, Lucella, Lynthia, Mara, Milos, Morlan, Myre, Narcus, Naria, Noggs, Odrienne, Orlan, Phin, Polonia, Quess, Remira, Ring, Roethe, Sesereth, Sethla, Skannon, Stavrul, Stev, Syra, Talitha, Tesslyn, Thena, Timoth, Tocker, Una, Vaurin, Veleris, Veretta, Vestine, Vey, Volette, Vond, Weaver, Wester, Zamira.

family names
Ankhayat, Arran, Athanoch, Basran, Boden, Booker, Bowman, Breakiron, Brogan, Clelland, Clermont, Coleburn, Comber, Daava, Dalmore, Danfield, Dunvil, Farros, Grine, Haig, Helker, Helles, Hellyers, Jayan, Jeduin, Kardera, Karstas, Keel, Kessarin, Kinclaith, Lomond, Maroden, Michter, Morriston, Penderyn, Prichard, Rowan, Sevoy, Skelkallan, Skora, Slane, Strangford, Strathmill, Templeton, Tyrconnell, Vale, Walund, Welker.

aliases
Bell, Birch, Bricks, Bug, Chime, Coil, Cricket, Cross, Crow, Echo, Flint, Frog, Frost, Grip, Gunner, Hammer, Hook, Junker, Mist, Moon, Nail, Needle, Ogre, Pool, Ring, Ruby, Silver, Skinner, Song, Spur, Tackle, Thistle, Thorn, Tick-Tock, Twelves, Vixen, Whip, Wicker.

